JavaScript Variables

var  -  Can be reassigned and redeclared (function-scoped).
syntax: var variableName = value;

let -  Can be reassigned but cannot be redeclared in the same scope (block-scoped). must assign a value.
syntax: let variableName = value;

const - Cannot be reassigned and cannot be redeclared (block-scoped).
syntax: const variableName = value;

 object - An object is a collection of key–value pairs used to store related data and functions.
 syntax: var objectName = {key: value}; - can be changed and redeclared in the same scope - 

 array - An array is a special variable, which can hold more than one value at a time.
 syntax: var arrayName = [value1, value2, value3];
 push - adds an element to the end of an array syntax: arrayName.push(value);
 pop - removes the last element from an array syntax: arrayName.pop();
 Primitives data types - A primitive is a data type that has no properties. It is a value, which can be changed but cannot be changed.
 syntax: var variableName = value;

 Non Primitives data types - An object is a collection of key–value pairs used to store related data and functions.
 syntax: var objectName = {key: value};

 Hoisting - The process of declaring a variable before using it.in without any keyword.
 
 scope - The scope of a variable is the part of the program where the variable can be used.
 
 global scope - A global variable is a variable that is accessible in any part of the program.
 
 local scope - A local variable is a variable that is only accessible in a specific part of the program.

 block scope - A block scope is a scope that is limited to a specific block of code.

 coercion - The process of converting one data type to another data type in improperly.

 undefined - A variable that is declared but not assigned a value.
 
 null - A special value that is used to indicate the absence of a value.

 NaN - A special value that is used to indicate that a number is not a number.

 NaN - A special value that is used to indicate that a number is not a number.

 logical operators - An operator that is used to compare two values and return a boolean value.

 types of logical operators - Logical operators are used to compare two values and return a boolean value.

 && - Logical AND - Returns true if both operands are true. Returns false if either operand is false.
 || - Logical OR - Returns true if either operand is true. Returns false if both operands are false.
 ! - Logical NOT - Returns true if the operand is false. Returns false if the operand is true. 
 Equality operators - An operator that is used to compare two values and return a boolean value.

 types of equality operators - Equality operators are used to compare two values and return a boolean value.

 == - Equality - Returns true if the values are equal. Returns false if the values are not equal.
 === - Strict equality - Returns true if the values are equal and of the same type. Returns false if the values are not equal or of different types.
 != - Inequality - Returns true if the values are not equal. Returns false if the values are equal.
 !== - Strict inequality - Returns true if the values are not equal or of different types. Returns false if the values are equal and of the same type.
 nullish coalescing operator - An operator that is used to assign a value to a variable if the value is null or undefined.

 types of nullish coalescing operator - Nullish coalescing operator is used to assign a value to a variable if the value is null or undefined.

 ?? - Nullish coalescing operator - Returns the first operand if it is not null or undefined. Returns the second operand if the first operand is null or undefined.

 ternary operator - An operator that is used to assign a value to a variable based on a condition.

 types of ternary operator - Ternary operator is used to assign a value to a variable based on a condition.

 ? - Ternary operator - Returns the first operand if the condition is true. Returns the second operand if the condition is false.
 : - Ternary operator - Returns the second operand if the condition is true. Returns the third operand if the condition is false.

 typeof operator - An operator that is used to return the type of a value.

 typeof - Returns the type of a value.
 truethy - A value that is considered true when used in a boolean context.
 falsy - A value that is considered false when used in a boolean context.
 template literals - A string that can contain variables and expressions.
 what are template literals - Template literals are strings that can contain variables and expressions.
 template literal syntax - ${expression}
 symbols - A symbol is a unique value that is used to identify an object.
 instanceof operator - An operator that is used to check if an object is an instance of a class.
 instanceof - Returns true if the object is an instance of the class. Returns false if the object is not an instance of the class.
 string methods - A method is a function that is used to perform an action on a string.nnn